

> Entering new AgentExecutor chain...
<scratchpad>To determine which movie came out first, I need to find the release dates for both "Oppenheimer" and "Are You There God It's Me Margaret." I will start by searching for each movie individually to get their respective release dates.</scratchpad> 

<search_query>Oppenheimer[Document(page_content='J. Robert Oppenheimer (born Julius Robert Oppenheimer;  OP-ən-hy-mər; April 22, 1904 – February 18, 1967) was an American theoretical physicist who served as the director of the Manhattan Project\'s Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II. He is often called the "father of the atomic bomb" for his role in overseeing the development of the first nuclear weapons.\nBorn in New York City, Oppenheimer obtained a degree in chemistry from Harvard University in 1925 and a doctorate in physics from the University of Göttingen in Germany in 1927, studying under Max Born. After research at other institutions, he joined the physics faculty at the University of California, Berkeley, where he was made a full professor in 1936. Oppenheimer made significant contributions to physics in the fields of quantum mechanics and nuclear physics, including the Born–Oppenheimer approximation for molecular wave functions; work on the theory of positrons, quantum electrodynamics, and quantum field theory; and the Oppenheimer–Phillips process in nuclear fusion. With his students, he also made major contributions to astrophysics, including the theory of cosmic ray showers, and the theory of neutron stars and black holes.\nIn 1942, Oppenheimer was recruited to work on the Manhattan Project, and in 1943 was appointed director of the project\'s Los Alamos Laboratory in New Mexico, tasked with developing the first nuclear weapons. His leadership and scientific expertise were instrumental in the project\'s success. On July 16, 1945, he was present at the first test of the atomic bomb, Trinity. In August 1945, the weapons were used against Japan in the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, to date the only use of nuclear weapons in an armed conflict.\nIn 1947, Oppenheimer was appointed director of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey, and chairman of the General Advisory Committee of the new United States Atomic Energy Commission (AEC). He lobbied for international control of nuclear power to avert nuclear proliferation and a nuclear arms race with the Soviet Union, and opposed the development of the hydrogen bomb, partly on ethical grounds. During the second Red Scare, these stances, together with his past associations with the Communist Party USA, led to an AEC security hearing in 1954 and the revocation of his security clearance. He continued to lecture, write, and work in physics, and in 1963 was given the Enrico Fermi Award as a gesture of political rehabilitation. In 2022, the U.S. government vacated the 1954 revocation of his security clearance.\n\n\n== Early life ==\n\n\n=== Childhood and education ===\nOppenheimer was born Julius Robert Oppenheimer into a non-observant Jewish family in New York City on April 22, 1904, to Ella (née Friedman), a painter, and Julius Seligmann Oppenheimer, a successful textile importer. Robert had a younger brother, Frank, who also became a physicist. Their father was born in Hanau, when it was still part of the Hesse-Nassau province of the Kingdom of Prussia, and as a teenager made his way to the United States in 1888, without money, higher education, or even English. He was hired by a textile company and within a decade was an executive there, eventually becoming wealthy. In 1912, the family moved to an apartment on Riverside Drive near West 88th Street, Manhattan, an area known for luxurious mansions and townhouses. Their art collection included works by Pablo Picasso, Édouard Vuillard, and Vincent van Gogh.\nOppenheimer was initially educated at Alcuin Preparatory School. In 1911, he entered the Ethical Culture Society School, founded by Felix Adler to promote training based on the Ethical Culture movement, whose motto was "Deed before Creed". Oppenheimer\'s father had been a member of the Society for many years, serving on its board of trustees. Oppenheimer was a versatile student, interested in English and French literature, and particularly mineralogy. He completed third and fourth grades in one year and skipped', metadata={'title': 'J. Robert Oppenheimer', 'summary': 'J. Robert Oppenheimer (born Julius Robert Oppenheimer;  OP-ən-hy-mər; April 22, 1904 – February 18, 1967) was an American theoretical physicist who served as the director of the Manhattan Project\'s Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II. He is often called the "father of the atomic bomb" for his role in overseeing the development of the first nuclear weapons.\nBorn in New York City, Oppenheimer obtained a degree in chemistry from Harvard University in 1925 and a doctorate in physics from the University of Göttingen in Germany in 1927, studying under Max Born. After research at other institutions, he joined the physics faculty at the University of California, Berkeley, where he was made a full professor in 1936. Oppenheimer made significant contributions to physics in the fields of quantum mechanics and nuclear physics, including the Born–Oppenheimer approximation for molecular wave functions; work on the theory of positrons, quantum electrodynamics, and quantum field theory; and the Oppenheimer–Phillips process in nuclear fusion. With his students, he also made major contributions to astrophysics, including the theory of cosmic ray showers, and the theory of neutron stars and black holes.\nIn 1942, Oppenheimer was recruited to work on the Manhattan Project, and in 1943 was appointed director of the project\'s Los Alamos Laboratory in New Mexico, tasked with developing the first nuclear weapons. His leadership and scientific expertise were instrumental in the project\'s success. On July 16, 1945, he was present at the first test of the atomic bomb, Trinity. In August 1945, the weapons were used against Japan in the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, to date the only use of nuclear weapons in an armed conflict.\nIn 1947, Oppenheimer was appointed director of the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey, and chairman of the General Advisory Committee of the new United States Atomic Energy Commission (AEC). He lobbied for international control of nuclear power to avert nuclear proliferation and a nuclear arms race with the Soviet Union, and opposed the development of the hydrogen bomb, partly on ethical grounds. During the second Red Scare, these stances, together with his past associations with the Communist Party USA, led to an AEC security hearing in 1954 and the revocation of his security clearance. He continued to lecture, write, and work in physics, and in 1963 was given the Enrico Fermi Award as a gesture of political rehabilitation. In 2022, the U.S. government vacated the 1954 revocation of his security clearance.', 'source': 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J._Robert_Oppenheimer'}), Document(page_content='Oppenheimer is a 2023 epic biographical thriller drama film written, directed, and produced by Christopher Nolan. It follows the life of J. Robert Oppenheimer, the American theoretical physicist who helped develop the first nuclear weapons during World War II. Based on the 2005 biography American Prometheus by Kai Bird and Martin J. Sherwin, the film chronicles Oppenheimer\'s studies, his direction of the Los Alamos Laboratory and his 1954 security hearing. Cillian Murphy stars as Oppenheimer, alongside Robert Downey Jr. as the United States Atomic Energy Commission member Lewis Strauss. The ensemble supporting cast includes Emily Blunt, Matt Damon, Florence Pugh, Josh Hartnett, Casey Affleck, Rami Malek, and Kenneth Branagh.\nOppenheimer was announced in September 2021. It is Nolan\'s first film not distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures since Memento (2000), due to his conflicts regarding the studio\'s simultaneous theatrical and HBO Max release schedule. Murphy was the first cast member to sign on the following month, with the rest joining between November 2021 and April 2022. Pre-production began by January 2022, and filming took place from February to May. The cinematographer, Hoyte van Hoytema, used a combination of IMAX 65 mm and 65 mm large-format film, including, for the first time, scenes in IMAX black-and-white film photography. As with many of his previous films, Nolan used extensive practical effects, with minimal compositing.\nOppenheimer premiered at Le Grand Rex in Paris on July 11, 2023, and was theatrically released in the United States and the United Kingdom ten days later by Universal Pictures. Its concurrent release with Warner Bros.\'s Barbie was the catalyst of the "Barbenheimer" phenomenon, encouraging audiences to see both films as a double feature. Oppenheimer grossed over $977 million worldwide, becoming the third-highest-grossing film of 2023, the highest-grossing World War II-related film, the highest-grossing biographical film and the third-highest-grossing R-rated film.\nThe recipient of  many accolades, Oppenheimer won seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director for Nolan, Best Actor for Murphy and Best Supporting Actor for Downey. It also won five Golden Globe Awards (including Best Motion Picture – Drama) and seven British Academy Film Awards (including Best Film), and was named one of the top ten films of 2023 by the National Board of Review and the American Film Institute.\n\n\n== Plot ==\n\nIn 1926, 22-year-old doctoral student J. Robert Oppenheimer grapples with anxiety and homesickness while studying experimental quantum physics under Patrick Blackett at the University of Cambridge in England. Oppenheimer clashes with Blackett, leaving him a poisoned apple, but he later retrieves it. Visiting scientist Niels Bohr advises Oppenheimer to study theoretical physics at the University of Göttingen in Germany.\nOppenheimer completes his PhD and meets scientist Isidor Isaac Rabi. They later meet theoretical physicist Werner Heisenberg in Switzerland. Wanting to expand quantum physics research in the US, Oppenheimer teaches at the University of California, Berkeley and the California Institute of Technology. He marries Katherine "Kitty" Puening, a biologist and ex-communist, and has an intermittent affair with Jean Tatlock, a troubled communist psychiatrist who later dies in an apparent suicide.\nWhen nuclear fission is discovered in 1938, after the Germans succeed in splitting the atom, Oppenheimer realizes it can be weaponized. In 1942, during World War II, US Army Colonel Leslie Groves, the director of the Manhattan Project, recruits Oppenheimer as the director of the Los Alamos Laboratory to develop an atomic bomb. Oppenheimer fears the German nuclear research program, led by Heisenberg, might yield a fission bomb for the Nazis.\nOppenheimer assembles a team consisting of Rabi, Hans Bethe, and Edward Teller, and collaborates with the scientists Enrico Fermi, Leo Szilard, and David L. Hill at th', metadata={'title': 'Oppenheimer (film)', 'summary': 'Oppenheimer is a 2023 epic biographical thriller drama film written, directed, and produced by Christopher Nolan. It follows the life of J. Robert Oppenheimer, the American theoretical physicist who helped develop the first nuclear weapons during World War II. Based on the 2005 biography American Prometheus by Kai Bird and Martin J. Sherwin, the film chronicles Oppenheimer\'s studies, his direction of the Los Alamos Laboratory and his 1954 security hearing. Cillian Murphy stars as Oppenheimer, alongside Robert Downey Jr. as the United States Atomic Energy Commission member Lewis Strauss. The ensemble supporting cast includes Emily Blunt, Matt Damon, Florence Pugh, Josh Hartnett, Casey Affleck, Rami Malek, and Kenneth Branagh.\nOppenheimer was announced in September 2021. It is Nolan\'s first film not distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures since Memento (2000), due to his conflicts regarding the studio\'s simultaneous theatrical and HBO Max release schedule. Murphy was the first cast member to sign on the following month, with the rest joining between November 2021 and April 2022. Pre-production began by January 2022, and filming took place from February to May. The cinematographer, Hoyte van Hoytema, used a combination of IMAX 65 mm and 65 mm large-format film, including, for the first time, scenes in IMAX black-and-white film photography. As with many of his previous films, Nolan used extensive practical effects, with minimal compositing.\nOppenheimer premiered at Le Grand Rex in Paris on July 11, 2023, and was theatrically released in the United States and the United Kingdom ten days later by Universal Pictures. Its concurrent release with Warner Bros.\'s Barbie was the catalyst of the "Barbenheimer" phenomenon, encouraging audiences to see both films as a double feature. Oppenheimer grossed over $977 million worldwide, becoming the third-highest-grossing film of 2023, the highest-grossing World War II-related film, the highest-grossing biographical film and the third-highest-grossing R-rated film.\nThe recipient of  many accolades, Oppenheimer won seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director for Nolan, Best Actor for Murphy and Best Supporting Actor for Downey. It also won five Golden Globe Awards (including Best Motion Picture – Drama) and seven British Academy Film Awards (including Best Film), and was named one of the top ten films of 2023 by the National Board of Review and the American Film Institute.\n\n', 'source': 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oppenheimer_(film)'}), Document(page_content='Katherine Vissering "Kitty" Oppenheimer (née Puening; August 8, 1910 – October 27, 1972) was a German American biologist, botanist, and a member of the Communist Party of America until leaving in the 1930s. Her husbands were Frank Ramseyer, Joe Dallet, Richard Stewart Harrison, and physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer, the director of the Manhattan Project\'s Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II.\n\n\n== Early life ==\nKatherine Vissering "Kitty" Puening was born in Recklinghausen, Westphalia, Prussia, Germany, on August 8, 1910, the only child of Franz Puening and Käthe Vissering. Although she claimed that her father was a prince and that her mother was related to Queen Victoria, Kitty would say that her father was the prince of a small state called Westphalia in Germany. Her mother was, in fact, a cousin of Wilhelm Keitel, who later became a field marshal in the German Army during World War II, and was hanged in 1946.\nPuening arrived in the United States on May 14, 1913, aboard the SS Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse when she was two years old. Her father, a metallurgical engineer, had invented a new kind of blast furnace, and had gained employment with a steel company in Pittsburgh, and the family settled in the suburb of Aspinwall, Pennsylvania. Although her first language was German, she soon became fluent in English, speaking both languages without accent. Her parents regularly took her with them on summer visits to Germany.\nAfter graduating from Aspinwall High School in June 1928, Puening enrolled at the University of Pittsburgh. She lived at home and attended freshman classes in mathematics, biology and chemistry. Her father now worked for Koppers, and held patents for the design of blast furnaces. Puening convinced her parents that it would be a good idea for her to study in Germany, and she sailed for Europe in March 1930. It is doubtful that she took any classes, but she did meet Frank Ramseyer, an American studying music in Paris under Nadia Boulanger, before sailing for home on May 19.\nPuening completed the first year of her degree, and married Ramseyer before a Justice of the Peace in Pittsburgh on December 24, 1932. The couple moved to an apartment near Harvard University, where Ramseyer hoped to pursue a master\'s degree in music. She re-enrolled at the University of Pittsburgh in January 1933, and returned to her parents\' home in Aspinwall. In June 1933, she sailed to Europe again with her husband. After returning, she enrolled at the University of Wisconsin, although there is no record of her completing any courses there. Puening obtained an annulment of her marriage from the Superior Court of Wisconsin on December 20, 1933. She later told friends that she had discovered evidence that Ramseyer was a homosexual and a drug addict. Puening also had an abortion.\n\n\n== Communism ==\nAt a New Year\'s Eve party later that year, Puening met Joseph Dallet Jr. After the 1927 executions of Sacco and Vanzetti, he joined the Communist Party of America in 1929. He had been involved in the International Unemployment Day protest in Chicago on March 6, 1930, that was brutally repressed by the authorities, and worked as a union organizer with the steel workers in Youngstown, Ohio. At one point Dallet unsuccessfully ran for mayor of Youngstown on the Communist Party ticket.\nPuening\'s parents had moved to Claygate, southwest of London, where her father represented a Chicago-based firm. On returning to the United States on August 3, 1934, after visiting family in Europe, she moved in with Dallet, becoming his common-law wife. They shared a room in a dilapidated boarding house that cost $5 per month. Gus Hall and John Gates had a room down the hall. They lived on the dole, $12.50 per month each. As the wife of a party member, Puening was allowed to join the Communist Party, but only after proving her loyalty by distributing copies of the Daily Worker on the streets. Her party dues were 10c a week.\nThey separated in June 1936, and Puening went to ', metadata={'title': 'Katherine Oppenheimer', 'summary': 'Katherine Vissering "Kitty" Oppenheimer (née Puening; August 8, 1910 – October 27, 1972) was a German American biologist, botanist, and a member of the Communist Party of America until leaving in the 1930s. Her husbands were Frank Ramseyer, Joe Dallet, Richard Stewart Harrison, and physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer, the director of the Manhattan Project\'s Los Alamos Laboratory during World War II.', 'source': 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Katherine_Oppenheimer'})]<search_quality>I've found the release date for "Oppenheimer," which premiered on July 11, 2023, and was released in the U.S. on July 21, 2023. Now, I need to find the release date for "Are You There God It's Me Margaret."</search_quality>

<search_query>Are You There God It's Me Margaret[Document(page_content='Are You There God? It\'s Me, Margaret. is a middle-grade novel by American writer Judy Blume, published in 1970. Its protagonist, Margaret Simon, is a sixth-grader who grows up without a religious affiliation because of her parents\' interfaith marriage. This contemporary realistic novel was popular with middle-grade readers in the 1970s for its relatable portrayal of a young girl confronting early-adolescent anxieties, such as menstruation, brassieres and boys. The recipient of national honors and book awards, the novel has been challenged for its frank discussion of sexual and religious topics.\nThe book was adapted into a 2023 film of the same name starring Abby Ryder Fortson, Rachel McAdams, and Kathy Bates.\n\n\n== Background ==\nBlume said that she felt a connection with the character Margaret, which allowed the story to come "pouring out." Blume wrote that while the story was not autobiographical, "the character of Margaret, both physically and emotionally, is pretty close to the girl I was." Growing up, Blume said while her family was very different from the one portrayed in the book, she felt that, "like Margaret, I had a very personal relationship with God that had little to do with organized religion."\nBlume made a post-publication edit to subsequent editions of the book to reflect changing menstrual products.\n\n\n== Plot ==\nWhen she is 11 years old, Margaret Simon\'s family moves from New York City to the New Jersey suburbs. Her mother is Christian and her father is Jewish, but Margaret was raised without an affiliation to either faith. She frequently prays to God, beginning her prayers with, "Are you there God? It\'s me, Margaret."\nMargaret feels uncomfortable with her lack of religious affiliation. For a school assignment, she studies religious beliefs, hoping to resolve her faith-based issues. Her study includes attending different places of worship to learn about religious practices. Her Jewish grandmother, Sylvia Simon, takes Margaret to Rosh Hashanah services and hopes her granddaughter will embrace Judaism.\nMargaret befriends Nancy, a neighbor who is the same age. Nancy seems confident and knowledgeable about many subjects, including sex. Nancy, Margaret, and their friends Gretchen and Janie form a secret club called the Pre-Teen Sensations. The Pre-Teen Sensations discuss boys, brassieres and menstruation. The girls anxiously await their first period, preparing by buying belted sanitary napkins. They also perform exercises to increase their bust sizes while chanting: "We must, we must, we must increase our bust!"\nGretchen has her first menstrual period, which causes Margaret to worry that she is abnormal because she has not started menstruating. Margaret envies her classmate, Laura Danker, who started menstruating and wears a brassiere. According to Nancy, Laura dates an older boy. The Pre-Teen Sensations gossip about Laura letting boys touch her breasts. Margaret feels guilty when she learns that Laura is a devout Catholic and is hurt by the rumors. Margaret is attracted to a popular boy in her class named Philip Leroy. They kiss while playing "two minutes in the closet" during a party. Nancy lies to the Pre-Teen Sensations that she had her first menstrual period when away on vacation. Margaret discovers the truth when they are at a restaurant, and Nancy gets her actual first menstrual period.\nMargaret\'s family plans to spend the spring vacation with Sylvia in Florida. The day before the family\'s vacation, Margaret\'s conservative Christian grandparents, Mary and Paul Hutchins, visit. Because they disapprove of their daughter\'s interfaith marriage, Mary and Paul have been estranged from Margaret\'s mother for fourteen years. Margaret\'s mother cancels the Florida vacation, saying that "it\'s not the end of the world" and that they can always go to Florida another time. Margaret is upset but tries to be polite to her grandparents. When her grandparents mention religion, a heated argument ensues, during which Margaret angr', metadata={'title': "Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret.", 'summary': "Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret. is a middle-grade novel by American writer Judy Blume, published in 1970. Its protagonist, Margaret Simon, is a sixth-grader who grows up without a religious affiliation because of her parents' interfaith marriage. This contemporary realistic novel was popular with middle-grade readers in the 1970s for its relatable portrayal of a young girl confronting early-adolescent anxieties, such as menstruation, brassieres and boys. The recipient of national honors and book awards, the novel has been challenged for its frank discussion of sexual and religious topics.\nThe book was adapted into a 2023 film of the same name starring Abby Ryder Fortson, Rachel McAdams, and Kathy Bates.", 'source': 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Are_You_There_God%3F_It%27s_Me,_Margaret.'}), Document(page_content='Are You There God? It\'s Me, Margaret. is a 2023 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written and directed by Kelly Fremon Craig, based on the 1970 novel of the same name by Judy Blume. The film stars Abby Ryder Fortson as the title character, along with Rachel McAdams, Elle Graham, Benny Safdie, and Kathy Bates.\nThe film had its world premiere at the San Francisco International Film Festival onApril 23, 2023, and was released theatrically in the United States on April 28, 2023, by Lionsgate. It received positive reviews and grossed $21 million worldwide.\n\n\n== Plot ==\nIn 1970, eleven-year-old Margaret Simon is informed by her parents Barbara and Herb that the family is moving from New York City to a New Jersey suburb, as Herb has received a promotion. Margaret is upset about leaving her friends and her paternal grandmother, Sylvia, and begins to communicate with God about her concerns, anxieties, and hopes.\nUpon moving to New Jersey, Margaret is quickly befriended by her neighbor and soon-to-be classmate Nancy Wheeler. Nancy welcomes Margaret into her friend group with two other girls, Gretchen Potter and Janie Loomis.\nAt the beginning of the school year, Margaret\'s teacher, Mr. Benedict, gives the class a year-long research assignment. When he wonders why Margaret dislikes religious holidays, she explains that since her mother is a Christian and her father is Jewish, her family does not observe the holidays and has left it up to Margaret to decide on her own religious identity as she grows older.\nMargaret asks her mother why she has never met her maternal grandparents. Barbara reveals she is estranged from her devoutly Christian parents Paul and Mary, who disowned Barbara when she married a Jew. On a weekend visit to New York, Margaret asks Sylvia to take her to temple, which Sylvia gladly does. Meanwhile, Barbara attempts to fit in with the PTA and signs up for multiple committees, which draws her away from her love of painting and teaching art.\nMargaret and her new friends anticipate the milestones of puberty, such as wearing a bra and having their first kisses. At classmate Norman Fischer\'s birthday party, Margaret enjoys her first kiss with Philip Leroy, a popular boy in her class, during a game of spin the bottle. Margaret also attends respective church services with Janie and Nancy.\nAfter viewing a video about menstruation at school, the girls become excited about starting their periods. Margaret grows impatient when other girls get their periods before her, including Gretchen and Nancy. One night while Margaret is in New York with Nancy and her family, Nancy gets her period for the first time, and Margaret realizes she had fibbed about getting her period earlier.\nAt school, Margaret is assigned a group project with Laura Danker, a classmate ostracized by her peers (including Nancy) for being taller and more developed. While working together in the library, Margaret brings up rumors about Laura letting boys "feel her up", upsetting Laura and causing her to storm out. Following Laura to a Catholic church where she enters a confessional, Margaret admits her guilt over how she treated Laura.\nFor spring break, Margaret wants to join Sylvia on a trip to Florida, but these plans are interrupted when Paul and Mary reach out to Barbara and say they want to visit and meet Margaret. Upon learning of the cancelation, Sylvia arrives at the Simon house with a friend from Florida on the day of Paul and Mary\'s visit. After dinner, the evening becomes awkward when Paul and Mary question Margaret about possibly attending Sunday school. Sylvia retorts that Margaret had already chosen to become Jewish when they went to the temple together, sparking an argument between the parents and grandparents over what religion Margaret should follow. Margaret yells at the adults to stop fighting, proclaiming she does not care about religion and does not even believe in God.\nMargaret hands in her research paper to Mr. Benedict, wherein she expresse', metadata={'title': "Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret. (film)", 'summary': "Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret. is a 2023 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film written and directed by Kelly Fremon Craig, based on the 1970 novel of the same name by Judy Blume. The film stars Abby Ryder Fortson as the title character, along with Rachel McAdams, Elle Graham, Benny Safdie, and Kathy Bates.\nThe film had its world premiere at the San Francisco International Film Festival onApril 23, 2023, and was released theatrically in the United States on April 28, 2023, by Lionsgate. It received positive reviews and grossed $21 million worldwide.", 'source': 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Are_You_There_God%3F_It%27s_Me,_Margaret._(film)'}), Document(page_content='"Are You There God? It\'s Me, Jesus" is the sixteenth and penultimate episode of the third season of the animated television series South Park and the 47th episode of the series overall. It was originally broadcast on December 29, 1999. The episode\'s title and the theme of menstruation was inspired by the book Are You There God? It\'s Me, Margaret.\n\n\n== Plot synopsis ==\nAs the year 2000 is approaching, Cartman realizes blood is coming out of his anus, leading him to believe he is experiencing his first period and thus commencing puberty. He makes fun of the other boys for not hitting puberty yet, unaware that his bleeding is caused by a minor stomach infection that has spread across South Park, and that it can be cured with antibiotics. Kenny later contracts the same ailment, and Kyle, not wanting to be left out, pretends he is also afflicted. The boys consequently abandon Stan and leave him out of their next mission, believing he is less mature for not having had his period.\nMeanwhile, the people of the world flock around Jesus\' house, excited about the new millennium and saying that, at the year 2000, Jesus\' father should make an appearance. Jesus contacts his father and tells him about his potential resurgence in popularity, but God (unseen in their conversation) refuses to show up because mankind is not ready. Jesus, wanting to still satisfy the people, books Rod Stewart to play a New Year\'s Eve concert in Las Vegas; everybody decides to go, because a rumor persists that God will show up.\nStan, meanwhile, prays for his period, but doesn\'t get it, so he visits Dr. Mephesto and gets a bottle of hormone pills. Using them causes Stan to grow a beard, have a deeper voice, and develop a pair of breasts, but still no "period." Afterwards, as he, Kyle and Cartman discuss their inner goddesses, Kenny starts to groan in pain before suddenly slumping over, spraying a gush of blood from his mouth; the doctor is unable to revive him through surgery, and he dies. The doctor then discloses the reason to his parents: Kenny had shoved a tampon up his rectum and had left it up there so long his organs ruptured from the waste backup. The doctor expresses concern that the children are all shoving tampons up their rectums because "they\'ve seen the Backstreet Boys doing it on TV or something"; he vows to research the cause, but decides to do so after Jesus\'s New Year concert.\nThe crowd in Las Vegas for the New Year\'s concert is enraged upon seeing Rod Stewart (portrayed here as very old and incontinent) and they turn against Jesus. With them preparing to crucify him again, Stan asks Jesus why God does not answer his prayers, and Jesus explains that, if God does everything for you, then your existence has no real purpose. Jesus realizes that this was God\'s message: Jesus had to figure his own way to get people to follow him. And just as he realizes this, God arrives.\nAfter the crowd\'s initial shock over God\'s appearance (distinctly unlike traditional depictions of God), God offers the people the chance to ask one question. The crowd plans to ask the meaning of life or existence, but before anyone else can ask, Stan comes up and asks why he hasn\'t gotten his period. God explains that boys don\'t get periods, and tells the truth: that Cartman and Kenny are affected by the colon infection and Kyle was lying to fit in with them. God explains to Stan that he will never get a period (because he is male), but he will hit puberty when the time is right. He then returns to Heaven, saying he will answer another question in the year 4000. Stan is satisfied by this, and joyfully starts singing "Auld Lang Syne", but the angry crowd attacks him for wasting their chance to ask God a profoundly important question, as the credits roll.\n\n\n== Production notes ==\nIn the DVD commentary for the episode, Trey Parker and Matt Stone said that Comedy Central wanted them to produce this episode for the new millennium as every other show was producing Y2K episodes, despite th', metadata={'title': "Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus", 'summary': '"Are You There God? It\'s Me, Jesus" is the sixteenth and penultimate episode of the third season of the animated television series South Park and the 47th episode of the series overall. It was originally broadcast on December 29, 1999. The episode\'s title and the theme of menstruation was inspired by the book Are You There God? It\'s Me, Margaret.', 'source': 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Are_You_There_God%3F_It%27s_Me,_Jesus'})]<search_quality>I've found the release date for "Are You There God It's Me Margaret," which was released in the U.S. on April 28, 2023. Now I have the release dates for both movies: "Oppenheimer" on July 21, 2023, and "Are You There God It's Me Margaret" on April 28, 2023. I can now determine which movie came out first.</search_quality>

<information>Oppenheimer was released on July 21, 2023, while Are You There God It's Me Margaret was released on April 28, 2023. Therefore, Are You There God It's Me Margaret came out first.</information>

> Finished chain.